resources.md, before:

Resources

[Which Refactoring Reduces Bug Rate?](https://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~feit/papers/Refactor19PROMISE.pdf)

[Which Refactoring Reduces Bug Rate? - repository](https://github.com/evidencebp/Which-Refactoring-Reduces-Bug-Rate)

[The Corrective Commit Probability Code Quality Metric](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.10912)

[The Corrective Commit Probability Code Quality Metric - repository](https://github.com/evidencebp/corrective-commit-probability)


[Commit Classification using Natural Language Processing: Experiments over Labeled Datasets](http://cibse2020.ppgia.pucpr.br/images/artigos/4/S04_P1.pdf)

[Commit Classification using Natural Language Processing: Experiments over Labeled Datasets - reporitory](https://github.com/gesteves91/fasttext-commit-classification)


Just R, Jalali D, Ernst MD (2014) [Defects4j: A database of existing faults to enable controlled testing studies for java programs](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/266659285_Defects4J_a_database_of_existing_faults_to_enable_controlled_testing_studies_for_Java_programs). In: Proc. of the 2014 Int. Symposium on Softw. Testing and Analysis (ISSTA), ACM [repository](https://github.com/rjust/defects4j)


Gyimesi P, Vancsics B, Stocco A, Mazinanian D, Beszedes A, Ferenc R, Mesbah A (2019) [Bugsjs: a benchmark of javascript bugs](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/333681142_BUGSJS_A_Benchmark_of_JavaScript_Bugs). In: 2019 12th IEEE Conference on Software Testing, Validation and Veriﬁcation (ICST), pp 90101

Le Goues C, Holtschulte N, Smith EK, Brun Y, Devanbu P, Forrest S, Weimer W (2015) [The manybugs and introclass benchmarks for automated repair of c programs](https://squareslab.github.io/materials/LeGouesManyBugs2015.pdf). IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 41(12):1236–1256

Saha R, Lyu Y, Lam W, Yoshida H, Prasad M (2018) [Bugs.jar: A largescale, diverse dataset of real-world java bugs](http://winglam2.web.engr.illinois.edu/publications/2018/bugs-dot-jar.pdf). In: 2018 IEEE/ACM 15th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), pp 10–13

Herbold S, Trautsch A, Trautsch F, Ledel B (2019) [Issues with szz: An empirical assessment of the state of practice of defect prediction data collection](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.08938). 1911.08938

[https://github.com/rpau/git-commit-classifier](https://github.com/rpau/git-commit-classifier)

[Enabling the Continuous Analysis of Security Vulnerabilities with VulData7](https://orbilu.uni.lu/bitstream/10993/36157/1/scam18.pdf) [repository](https://github.com/electricalwind/data7)

Mills C, Parra E, Pantiuchina J, Bavota G, Haiduc S (2020) [On the relationship between bug reports and queries for text retrieval-based bug localization](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-020-09823-w). Empirical Software Engineering pp 1–42

Wang Q, Parnin C, Orso A (2015) [Evaluating the usefulness of ir-based fault localization techniques](http://chrisparnin.me/pdf/ISSTA15.pdf). In: Proceedings of the 2015 International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis, Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, ISSTA 2015, p 1–11, DOI 10.1145/2771783.2771797, URL https://doi.org/10.1145/2771783.2771797

Ye X, Bunescu R, Liu C (2015) [Mapping bug reports to relevant ﬁles: A ranking model, a ﬁne-grained benchmark, and feature evaluation](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/281831915_Mapping_Bug_Reports_to_Relevant_Files_A_Ranking_Model_a_Fine-Grained_Benchmark_and_Feature_Evaluation). IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 42(4):379–402

Chaparro O, Marcus A (2016) [On the reduction of verbose queries in text retrieval based software maintenance](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7883382). In: 2016 IEEE/ACM 38th International Conference on Software Engineering Companion (ICSE-C), IEEE, pp 716–718

S. Levin and A. Yehudai. [Boosting automatic commit classification into maintenance activities by utilizing source code changes](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1711.05340.pdf).
In Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Predictive
Models and Data Analytics in Software Engineering, PROMISE,
pages 97–106, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM

B. Ray, D. Posnett, V. Filkov, and P. Devanbu. [A large scale
study of programming languages and code quality in github](https://web.cs.ucdavis.edu/~filkov/papers/lang_github.pdf).
In Proceedings of the 22Nd ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium
on Foundations of Software Engineering, FSE 2014, pages 155–165,
New York, NY, USA, 2014. ACM.

N. C. Shrikanth and T. Menzies. [Assessing practitioner beliefs
about software defect prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10093). In Intl. Conf. Softw. Eng.,
number 42, May 2020.

A. Hindle, D. M. German, M. W. Godfrey, and R. C. Holt.
[Automatic classication of large changes into maintenance categories](https://softwareprocess.es/pubs/hindleICPC2009-large-changes-classification.pdf). In 2009 IEEE 17th International Conference on Program
Comprehension, pages 30–39, May 2009

J. J. Amor, G. Robles, J. M. Gonzalez-Barahona, and A. Navarro.
[Discriminating development activities in versioning systems: A
case study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.102.3673), Jan 2006.

G. Antoniol, K. Ayari, M. Di Penta, F. Khomh, and Y.-G.
Guéhéneuc. [Is it a bug or an enhancement? a text-based approach
to classify change requests](http://swat.polymtl.ca/~foutsekh/docs/CASCON'08.pdf). In Proceedings of the 2008 Conference of
the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research: Meeting of
Minds, CASCON ’08, New York, NY, USA, 2008. Association for
Computing Machinery

[On the Relationship between Refactoring Actions and Bugs:
A Differentiated Replication](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11685.pdf) [replication package](https://zenodo.org/record/4018691#.X47GOZMzZhE)

[Can Refactoring be Self-Affirmed? An Exploratory
Study on How Developers Document their
Refactoring Activities in Commit Messages](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Mohamed_Wiem_Mkaouer/publication/334282567_Can_Refactoring_Be_Self-Affirmed_An_Exploratory_Study_on_How_Developers_Document_Their_Refactoring_Activities_in_Commit_Messages/links/5d218f34458515c11c18d96c/Can-Refactoring-Be-Self-Affirmed-An-Exploratory-Study-on-How-Developers-Document-Their-Refactoring-Activities-in-Commit-Messages.pdf)

[How Often Do Single-Statement Bugs Occur? The ManySStuBs4J Dataset](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13334.pdf) [dataset](https://zenodo.org/record/3653444#.X5l8W5MzZ70)

[How We Refactor and How We Document it? On the Use of Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms to Classify Refactoring Documentation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13890.pdf)

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

[On the Nature of Commits](https://www.inf.usi.ch/lanza/Downloads/Hatt2008a.pdf)

[BugsInPy: A Database of Existing Bugs in Python Programs to
Enable Controlled Testing and Debugging Studies](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3368089.3417943) [repo](https://github.com/soarsmu/BugsInPy/)

[Large-Scale Manual Validation of Bug Fixing Commits: A Fine-grained Analysis of Tangling](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.06244)

Eman Abdullah AlOmar, Mohamed Wiem Mkaouer, and Ali Ouni, "[Can refactoring be self-affirmed? an exploratory study on how developers document their refactoring activities in commit messages](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/334282567_Can_Refactoring_Be_Self-Affirmed_An_Exploratory_Study_on_How_Developers_Document_Their_Refactoring_Activities_in_Commit_Messages)", the 3nd International Workshop on Refactoring (IWoR'2019). [dataset](https://smilevo.github.io/code.html)

[Early Life Cycle Software Defect Prediction. Why? How?](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.13071) [dataset](https://github.com/anonymousseresearcher/EarlyDefectPrediction)

[The Technical Debt Dataset](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.00827.pdf) [dataset](https://github.com/clowee/The-Technical-Debt-Dataset)

[An Automatically Created Novel Bug Dataset and its Validation in Bug Prediction](http://www.inf.u-szeged.hu/~ferenc/pdf/FGG20-JSS-An%20automatically%20created%20novel%20bug%20dataset%20and%20its%20validation%20in%20bug%20prediction.pdf) [dataset](http://www.inf.u-szeged.hu/~ferenc/papers/BugHunterDataSet/)

[Mining and Managing Big Data Refactoring for
Design Improvement: Are We There Yet?](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Eman_Alomar3/publication/349105868_Mining_and_Managing_Big_Data_Refactoring_for_Design_Improvement_Are_We_There_Yet/links/60207cc545851589398c1a5c/Mining-and-Managing-Big-Data-Refactoring-for-Design-Improvement-Are-We-There-Yet.pdf)


[Mining Software Repositories with a Collaborative Heuristic Repository](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.01722.pdf) [dataset](https://github.com/giganticode/bohr)

[Augmenting commit classification by using fine-grained source code changes and a pre-trained deep neural language model](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584921000495)

[Exploring the communication functions of comments during bug fixing in Open Source Software projects](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584921000665)

[What Causes Wrong Sentiment Classifications of Game Reviews?](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Cor-Paul-Bezemer/publication/350638067_What_Causes_Wrong_Sentiment_Classifications_of_Game_Reviews/links/606b3aca299bf1252e2fc0d9/What-Causes-Wrong-Sentiment-Classifications-of-Game-Reviews.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/asgaardlab/sentiment-analysis-Steam_reviews/)

[Bug or not bug? That is the question](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12218.pdf)

[Exploring the communication functions of comments during bug fixing in Open Source Software projects](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584921000665)

[Classifying Code Commits with Convolutional Neural Networks](https://people.cs.vt.edu/nm8247/publications/ijcnn-cr-2021.pdf) [repo](https://figshare.com/s/2c04d6bde90e761b11a3)

[Improve Classification of Commits Maintenance Activities with Quantitative Changes in Source Code](https://www.scitepress.org/Papers/2021/104017/104017.pdf)

[An empirical study on the use of SZZ for identifying inducing changes of non-functional bugs](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-021-09970-8) [repo](https://github.com/senseconcordia/NFBugsExtended)

[PySStuBs: Characterizing Single-Statement Bugs in Popular Open-Source Python Projects](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Cor-Paul-Bezemer/publication/349899864_PySStuBs_Characterizing_Single-Statement_Bugs_in_Popular_Open-Source_Python_Projects/links/604aa73045851543166f2305/PySStuBs-Characterizing-Single-Statement-Bugs-in-Popular-Open-Source-Python-Projects.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/4589607#.YK8nz7Qza3c)

[Denchmark: A Bug Benchmark of Deep Learning-related Software](https://www.computer.org/csdl/pds/api/csdl/proceedings/download-article/1tB7k9SCa9q/pdf) [repo](https://github.com/RosePasta/Denchmark_BRs)

[Recommending Bug-fixing Comments from Issue Tracking Discussions in Support of Bug Repair](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.11525.pdf)

[Enhancing Source Code Refactoring Detection with Explanations from Commit Messages](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rrezarta_Krasniqi/publication/340402742_Enhancing_Source_Code_Refactoring_Detection_with_Explanations_from_Commit_Messages/links/5f6e809e92851c14bc972692/Enhancing-Source-Code-Refactoring-Detection-with-Explanations-from-Commit-Messages.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/3596397#.YLjWhTYzZhE)

[Bug Severity Prediction using Keywords in
Imbalanced Learning Environment](http://www.mecs-press.org/ijitcs/ijitcs-v13-n3/IJITCS-V13-N3-4.pdf)

[Where should the bugs be fixed?](https://ink.library.smu.edu.sg/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2530&context=sis_research) [repo](https://code.google.com/archive/p/bugcenter/downloads)

[Denchmark: A Bug Benchmark of Deep Learning-related Software](https://www.computer.org/csdl/pds/api/csdl/proceedings/download-article/1tB7k9SCa9q/pdf) [repo](https://github.com/RosePasta/Denchmark_BRs)

[ANDROR2: A Dataset of Manually-Reproduced Bug Reports for Android apps] (https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.08403.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/SageSELab/AndroR2)

[What makes a good Node.js package? Investigating Users, Contributors, and Runnability](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12239.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/5010160#.YN1ygBMzZhE)

[CVEfixes: Automated Collection of Vulnerabilities and Their Fixes from Open-Source Software](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08760.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/4476564#.YP0eyhMzZb8)

[MSR Mining Challenge: The SmartSHARK Repository Mining Data](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11540.pdf) [repo](https://smartshark.github.io/dbreleases/)

[CrossVul: A Cross-Language Vulnerability Dataset with Commit Data](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3468264.3473122) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/4734050#.YSTP5RMzZb8)

[PYREF: Refactoring Detection in Python Projects](https://users.encs.concordia.ca/home/n/nikolaos/publications/SCAM_2021.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/PyRef/PyRef)

[On the differences between quality increasing and other changes in open source Java projects](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03544.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/atrautsch/emse2021_replication)

[Comparing Commit Messages and Source Code Metrics for the Prediction Refactoring Activities](https://www.mdpi.com/1999-4893/14/10/289) [repo](https://github.com/smilevo/refactoring-metrics-prediction)

[Quick remedy commits and their impact on mining software repositories](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-021-10051-z) [repo](https://github.com/USI-INF-Software/EMSE-ICPC2020-quick-remedy-commit)

[What Makes a Good Commit Message?](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02974.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/5909693#.YgfIny2l1DM)

[Defect Identification, Categorization, and Repair: Better Together](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.04856.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/5353354#.YlqBS8hBy3B)

[BugBuilder: An Automated Approach to Building Bug Repository](https://liuhuigmail.github.io/publishedPappers/TSE2022BugBuilder.pdf) [BugBuilder](https://github.com/liuhuigmail/BugBuilder) [GrowingBugRepository](https://github.com/liuhuigmail/GrowingBugRepository)

[TSSB-3M: Mining single statement bugs at massive scale](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12046.pdf) [repo](https://cedricrupb.github.io/TSSB3M/)

[What really changes when developers intend to improve their source code: a commit-level study of static metric value and static analysis warning changes](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-022-10257-9) [dataset](https://github.com/atrautsch/emse2021_replication)

[Defectors: A Large, Diverse Python Dataset for Defect Prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.04738) [dataset](https://zenodo.org/record/7708984#.ZAyD4XZBy3A)

Commit message:

Commit Message Matters: Investigating Impact and Evolution of Commit Message Quality

resources.md, after:

Resources

[Which Refactoring Reduces Bug Rate?](https://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~feit/papers/Refactor19PROMISE.pdf)

[Which Refactoring Reduces Bug Rate? - repository](https://github.com/evidencebp/Which-Refactoring-Reduces-Bug-Rate)

[The Corrective Commit Probability Code Quality Metric](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.10912)

[The Corrective Commit Probability Code Quality Metric - repository](https://github.com/evidencebp/corrective-commit-probability)


[Commit Classification using Natural Language Processing: Experiments over Labeled Datasets](http://cibse2020.ppgia.pucpr.br/images/artigos/4/S04_P1.pdf)

[Commit Classification using Natural Language Processing: Experiments over Labeled Datasets - reporitory](https://github.com/gesteves91/fasttext-commit-classification)


Just R, Jalali D, Ernst MD (2014) [Defects4j: A database of existing faults to enable controlled testing studies for java programs](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/266659285_Defects4J_a_database_of_existing_faults_to_enable_controlled_testing_studies_for_Java_programs). In: Proc. of the 2014 Int. Symposium on Softw. Testing and Analysis (ISSTA), ACM [repository](https://github.com/rjust/defects4j)


Gyimesi P, Vancsics B, Stocco A, Mazinanian D, Beszedes A, Ferenc R, Mesbah A (2019) [Bugsjs: a benchmark of javascript bugs](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/333681142_BUGSJS_A_Benchmark_of_JavaScript_Bugs). In: 2019 12th IEEE Conference on Software Testing, Validation and Veriﬁcation (ICST), pp 90101

Le Goues C, Holtschulte N, Smith EK, Brun Y, Devanbu P, Forrest S, Weimer W (2015) [The manybugs and introclass benchmarks for automated repair of c programs](https://squareslab.github.io/materials/LeGouesManyBugs2015.pdf). IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 41(12):1236–1256

Saha R, Lyu Y, Lam W, Yoshida H, Prasad M (2018) [Bugs.jar: A largescale, diverse dataset of real-world java bugs](http://winglam2.web.engr.illinois.edu/publications/2018/bugs-dot-jar.pdf). In: 2018 IEEE/ACM 15th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), pp 10–13

Herbold S, Trautsch A, Trautsch F, Ledel B (2019) [Issues with szz: An empirical assessment of the state of practice of defect prediction data collection](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.08938). 1911.08938

[https://github.com/rpau/git-commit-classifier](https://github.com/rpau/git-commit-classifier)

[Enabling the Continuous Analysis of Security Vulnerabilities with VulData7](https://orbilu.uni.lu/bitstream/10993/36157/1/scam18.pdf) [repository](https://github.com/electricalwind/data7)

Mills C, Parra E, Pantiuchina J, Bavota G, Haiduc S (2020) [On the relationship between bug reports and queries for text retrieval-based bug localization](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-020-09823-w). Empirical Software Engineering pp 1–42

Wang Q, Parnin C, Orso A (2015) [Evaluating the usefulness of ir-based fault localization techniques](http://chrisparnin.me/pdf/ISSTA15.pdf). In: Proceedings of the 2015 International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis, Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, ISSTA 2015, p 1–11, DOI 10.1145/2771783.2771797, URL https://doi.org/10.1145/2771783.2771797

Ye X, Bunescu R, Liu C (2015) [Mapping bug reports to relevant ﬁles: A ranking model, a ﬁne-grained benchmark, and feature evaluation](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/281831915_Mapping_Bug_Reports_to_Relevant_Files_A_Ranking_Model_a_Fine-Grained_Benchmark_and_Feature_Evaluation). IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 42(4):379–402

Chaparro O, Marcus A (2016) [On the reduction of verbose queries in text retrieval based software maintenance](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7883382). In: 2016 IEEE/ACM 38th International Conference on Software Engineering Companion (ICSE-C), IEEE, pp 716–718

S. Levin and A. Yehudai. [Boosting automatic commit classification into maintenance activities by utilizing source code changes](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1711.05340.pdf).
In Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Predictive
Models and Data Analytics in Software Engineering, PROMISE,
pages 97–106, New York, NY, USA, 2017. ACM

B. Ray, D. Posnett, V. Filkov, and P. Devanbu. [A large scale
study of programming languages and code quality in github](https://web.cs.ucdavis.edu/~filkov/papers/lang_github.pdf).
In Proceedings of the 22Nd ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium
on Foundations of Software Engineering, FSE 2014, pages 155–165,
New York, NY, USA, 2014. ACM.

N. C. Shrikanth and T. Menzies. [Assessing practitioner beliefs
about software defect prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10093). In Intl. Conf. Softw. Eng.,
number 42, May 2020.

A. Hindle, D. M. German, M. W. Godfrey, and R. C. Holt.
[Automatic classication of large changes into maintenance categories](https://softwareprocess.es/pubs/hindleICPC2009-large-changes-classification.pdf). In 2009 IEEE 17th International Conference on Program
Comprehension, pages 30–39, May 2009

J. J. Amor, G. Robles, J. M. Gonzalez-Barahona, and A. Navarro.
[Discriminating development activities in versioning systems: A
case study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.102.3673), Jan 2006.

G. Antoniol, K. Ayari, M. Di Penta, F. Khomh, and Y.-G.
Guéhéneuc. [Is it a bug or an enhancement? a text-based approach
to classify change requests](http://swat.polymtl.ca/~foutsekh/docs/CASCON'08.pdf). In Proceedings of the 2008 Conference of
the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research: Meeting of
Minds, CASCON ’08, New York, NY, USA, 2008. Association for
Computing Machinery

[On the Relationship between Refactoring Actions and Bugs:
A Differentiated Replication](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11685.pdf) [replication package](https://zenodo.org/record/4018691#.X47GOZMzZhE)

[Can Refactoring be Self-Affirmed? An Exploratory
Study on How Developers Document their
Refactoring Activities in Commit Messages](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Mohamed_Wiem_Mkaouer/publication/334282567_Can_Refactoring_Be_Self-Affirmed_An_Exploratory_Study_on_How_Developers_Document_Their_Refactoring_Activities_in_Commit_Messages/links/5d218f34458515c11c18d96c/Can-Refactoring-Be-Self-Affirmed-An-Exploratory-Study-on-How-Developers-Document-Their-Refactoring-Activities-in-Commit-Messages.pdf)

[How Often Do Single-Statement Bugs Occur? The ManySStuBs4J Dataset](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13334.pdf) [dataset](https://zenodo.org/record/3653444#.X5l8W5MzZ70)

[How We Refactor and How We Document it? On the Use of Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms to Classify Refactoring Documentation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.13890.pdf)

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

[On the Nature of Commits](https://www.inf.usi.ch/lanza/Downloads/Hatt2008a.pdf)

[BugsInPy: A Database of Existing Bugs in Python Programs to
Enable Controlled Testing and Debugging Studies](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3368089.3417943) [repo](https://github.com/soarsmu/BugsInPy/)

[Large-Scale Manual Validation of Bug Fixing Commits: A Fine-grained Analysis of Tangling](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.06244)

Eman Abdullah AlOmar, Mohamed Wiem Mkaouer, and Ali Ouni, "[Can refactoring be self-affirmed? an exploratory study on how developers document their refactoring activities in commit messages](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/334282567_Can_Refactoring_Be_Self-Affirmed_An_Exploratory_Study_on_How_Developers_Document_Their_Refactoring_Activities_in_Commit_Messages)", the 3nd International Workshop on Refactoring (IWoR'2019). [dataset](https://smilevo.github.io/code.html)

[Early Life Cycle Software Defect Prediction. Why? How?](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.13071) [dataset](https://github.com/anonymousseresearcher/EarlyDefectPrediction)

[The Technical Debt Dataset](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.00827.pdf) [dataset](https://github.com/clowee/The-Technical-Debt-Dataset)

[An Automatically Created Novel Bug Dataset and its Validation in Bug Prediction](http://www.inf.u-szeged.hu/~ferenc/pdf/FGG20-JSS-An%20automatically%20created%20novel%20bug%20dataset%20and%20its%20validation%20in%20bug%20prediction.pdf) [dataset](http://www.inf.u-szeged.hu/~ferenc/papers/BugHunterDataSet/)

[Mining and Managing Big Data Refactoring for
Design Improvement: Are We There Yet?](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Eman_Alomar3/publication/349105868_Mining_and_Managing_Big_Data_Refactoring_for_Design_Improvement_Are_We_There_Yet/links/60207cc545851589398c1a5c/Mining-and-Managing-Big-Data-Refactoring-for-Design-Improvement-Are-We-There-Yet.pdf)


[Mining Software Repositories with a Collaborative Heuristic Repository](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.01722.pdf) [dataset](https://github.com/giganticode/bohr)

[Augmenting commit classification by using fine-grained source code changes and a pre-trained deep neural language model](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584921000495)

[Exploring the communication functions of comments during bug fixing in Open Source Software projects](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584921000665)

[What Causes Wrong Sentiment Classifications of Game Reviews?](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Cor-Paul-Bezemer/publication/350638067_What_Causes_Wrong_Sentiment_Classifications_of_Game_Reviews/links/606b3aca299bf1252e2fc0d9/What-Causes-Wrong-Sentiment-Classifications-of-Game-Reviews.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/asgaardlab/sentiment-analysis-Steam_reviews/)

[Bug or not bug? That is the question](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12218.pdf)

[Exploring the communication functions of comments during bug fixing in Open Source Software projects](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584921000665)

[Classifying Code Commits with Convolutional Neural Networks](https://people.cs.vt.edu/nm8247/publications/ijcnn-cr-2021.pdf) [repo](https://figshare.com/s/2c04d6bde90e761b11a3)

[Improve Classification of Commits Maintenance Activities with Quantitative Changes in Source Code](https://www.scitepress.org/Papers/2021/104017/104017.pdf)

[An empirical study on the use of SZZ for identifying inducing changes of non-functional bugs](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-021-09970-8) [repo](https://github.com/senseconcordia/NFBugsExtended)

[PySStuBs: Characterizing Single-Statement Bugs in Popular Open-Source Python Projects](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Cor-Paul-Bezemer/publication/349899864_PySStuBs_Characterizing_Single-Statement_Bugs_in_Popular_Open-Source_Python_Projects/links/604aa73045851543166f2305/PySStuBs-Characterizing-Single-Statement-Bugs-in-Popular-Open-Source-Python-Projects.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/4589607#.YK8nz7Qza3c)

[Denchmark: A Bug Benchmark of Deep Learning-related Software](https://www.computer.org/csdl/pds/api/csdl/proceedings/download-article/1tB7k9SCa9q/pdf) [repo](https://github.com/RosePasta/Denchmark_BRs)

[Recommending Bug-fixing Comments from Issue Tracking Discussions in Support of Bug Repair](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.11525.pdf)

[Enhancing Source Code Refactoring Detection with Explanations from Commit Messages](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rrezarta_Krasniqi/publication/340402742_Enhancing_Source_Code_Refactoring_Detection_with_Explanations_from_Commit_Messages/links/5f6e809e92851c14bc972692/Enhancing-Source-Code-Refactoring-Detection-with-Explanations-from-Commit-Messages.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/3596397#.YLjWhTYzZhE)

[Bug Severity Prediction using Keywords in
Imbalanced Learning Environment](http://www.mecs-press.org/ijitcs/ijitcs-v13-n3/IJITCS-V13-N3-4.pdf)

[Where should the bugs be fixed?](https://ink.library.smu.edu.sg/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2530&context=sis_research) [repo](https://code.google.com/archive/p/bugcenter/downloads)

[Denchmark: A Bug Benchmark of Deep Learning-related Software](https://www.computer.org/csdl/pds/api/csdl/proceedings/download-article/1tB7k9SCa9q/pdf) [repo](https://github.com/RosePasta/Denchmark_BRs)

[ANDROR2: A Dataset of Manually-Reproduced Bug Reports for Android apps] (https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.08403.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/SageSELab/AndroR2)

[What makes a good Node.js package? Investigating Users, Contributors, and Runnability](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12239.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/5010160#.YN1ygBMzZhE)

[CVEfixes: Automated Collection of Vulnerabilities and Their Fixes from Open-Source Software](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08760.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/4476564#.YP0eyhMzZb8)

[MSR Mining Challenge: The SmartSHARK Repository Mining Data](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.11540.pdf) [repo](https://smartshark.github.io/dbreleases/)

[CrossVul: A Cross-Language Vulnerability Dataset with Commit Data](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3468264.3473122) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/4734050#.YSTP5RMzZb8)

[PYREF: Refactoring Detection in Python Projects](https://users.encs.concordia.ca/home/n/nikolaos/publications/SCAM_2021.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/PyRef/PyRef)

[On the differences between quality increasing and other changes in open source Java projects](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03544.pdf) [repo](https://github.com/atrautsch/emse2021_replication)

[Comparing Commit Messages and Source Code Metrics for the Prediction Refactoring Activities](https://www.mdpi.com/1999-4893/14/10/289) [repo](https://github.com/smilevo/refactoring-metrics-prediction)

[Quick remedy commits and their impact on mining software repositories](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-021-10051-z) [repo](https://github.com/USI-INF-Software/EMSE-ICPC2020-quick-remedy-commit)

[What Makes a Good Commit Message?](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02974.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/5909693#.YgfIny2l1DM)

[Defect Identification, Categorization, and Repair: Better Together](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.04856.pdf) [repo](https://zenodo.org/record/5353354#.YlqBS8hBy3B)

[BugBuilder: An Automated Approach to Building Bug Repository](https://liuhuigmail.github.io/publishedPappers/TSE2022BugBuilder.pdf) [BugBuilder](https://github.com/liuhuigmail/BugBuilder) [GrowingBugRepository](https://github.com/liuhuigmail/GrowingBugRepository)

[TSSB-3M: Mining single statement bugs at massive scale](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.12046.pdf) [repo](https://cedricrupb.github.io/TSSB3M/)

[What really changes when developers intend to improve their source code: a commit-level study of static metric value and static analysis warning changes](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10664-022-10257-9) [dataset](https://github.com/atrautsch/emse2021_replication)

[Defectors: A Large, Diverse Python DataCommit Message Matters: Investigating Impact and Evolution of Commit Message Qualityset for Defect Prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.04738) [dataset](https://zenodo.org/record/7708984#.ZAyD4XZBy3A)

[Commit Message Matters: Investigating Impact and Evolution of Commit Message Quality](http://stairs.ics.uci.edu/papers/2023/Commit_Messages.pdf) [dataset](https://zenodo.org/record/7042943#.ZB74inZBy3C)
